#LyX 2.0.0beta4 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 412
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Paragraph
Once I create a event in the new system, how do I get it posted to outdoors.org
 and included in HB Announce?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
You will need to first set up a Registration Page as listed above, and then
 go to the AMC's Trip Administration Tool to post your event into their
 system at: http://trips.outdoors.org/index.cfm/method/trips.showlogin Copy
 & paste your new event Registration Link in the field that says "Include
 web link(s) in event description:", located near the bottom of the page.
 For instructions on posting an event on outdoors.org, view the "Posting
 a Trip" page on H/B's website at: http://www.hbbostonamc.org/index.php/Table/Onlin
e- Trip-Posting/
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
What is the easiest way to email all participants on a trip?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Go to the [Administration Page]" link for the event and click the “Export
 Info Sheet” button.
 This will give you a sortable spreadsheet.
 You may want to sort the list by STATUS before copying and pasting the
 correct email addresses.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
How do I create an REGI Account? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Follow these three steps: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
1.
 Go to the login screen at http://www.hbbostonamc.org/regi 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
2.
 Click the link that says "create an account here."
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
3.
 Enter your information as requested and click the "Create New Profile"
 button.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
What do I do if I forgot my user name or password? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Go to the REGI login page and click the link where it says: Forgot your
 user name or password? Click here.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
How do I edit My Profile? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
You can edit your profile at any time by clicking on "My Profile" in the
 navigation bar at the upper right of every REGI page.
 Don't forget to update your experience profile as you continue to use the
 system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
How do I register for an event? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Once you have created your profile, you can immediately begin to sign up
 for events that are using the new online REGI system.
 Follow these 2 steps: 1.
 On the REGI page of the event you are interested in, you will find basic
 information about the event: name, description, a gear list, and specific
 questions, such as whether you have the listed gear, and your carpooling
 details.
 Enter the requested information and click the "Register" button.
 Your registration status will be listed as “SUBMITTED” under your "My Events"
 page until the leader approves you for the event.
 If you are Approved, your status under “My Trips” will be chanced to “APPROVED”
 and you will receive an automated email noting the update.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
How do I get a ride, or offer a ride? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
When you register for a event, the REGI system will ask whether you can
 participate in carpooling or if you need a ride.
 By clicking on the “Roster” tab within the REGI page for that event, you
 can view who is coming, where they are driving from, who needs a ride/can
 drive, and how to contact them to arrange carpooling for yourself.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
How do I know whether I have been approved for an event? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
Once the leader has had a chance to review your application, your registration
 status will be updated to "APPROVED" or "WAITLIST".
 You will receive an automated email sent to your profile email address
 to notify you of the status change.
 Your registration status is also listed under your "My Events" page under
 the column "Role".
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
What do I do if I’m WAITLISTED? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
If there the event is currently full, the leader will place you on a waitlist
 and you will receive an automated email from the system letting you know
 that your registration status has been updated to “WAITLIST.” If spots open
 up on the event, the leader will contact you to offer you a spot.
 If you are taken off the waitlist, your registration status will switch
 to “APPROVED” and you will receive an automated email to this effect.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
How do I cancel out of a trip? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
If you need to cancel your registration, email the leader ASAP so that he
 or she can cancel you from the trip and open the event to others.
 Once the Leader cancels your registration, you will receive an automated
 email that your registration status has been updated to “CANCELLED.” 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
